# Aug 1st, 2020
## Your daily reminder - Don't ignore your dreams; work as hard you can; say what you can; cultivate friendships; be happy.
### - To update or push updates to GitHub, just copy the top title and tag with the “—“
## [[Morning Pages]]
### I really want to get the CrashBoards International start up pitch speech. That is on my mind. Moreover, I want this day ti to be something that I keep for 'housekeeping'. lol. There are several times that I think why #logseq is something that I gravitate towards very closely.
### I like the way how I just changed the topic. I am a master at this
### There is a perticular incidence that I want to reveal. This event made my heart feel #warm from the inside.
#### This event includes Riddhi. I am not sure if I am spelling out her name right, but what a hero!
#### So on [[Jul 30th, 2020]] I was in the lab alone. It had been the best part of 30 minutes. Just then there was a knock on the glass window. I saw Riddhi, and then with questionable eyes, she gave me a thumbs up.
#### Absolutely pleased, I left my work then and there, and I opened the now locked door, went out and asked her how she is.
#### I have been willing to message her "Hey dude, your warm action really warmed up my heart! Thank you!"
### What a LOL, I read 110 pages of [[Book - Rich Dad Poor Dad]] today, and what a riveting read! I am literally $$\frac{1}{4}$$th of the way there and I could not be more excited!
## [[Create]]
### DONE [[Crashboards International]] start-up pitch #speech outline
### Results from [[Chemistry IA]]
## [[Connect]]
#### DONE YPD broth request on [[Aug 3rd, 2020]]

##### Good Morning Ma'am. For my Biology IA, I was in need of YPD Broth which we have no stock of in school. Ma'am, would it possible for the school to purchase the broth?
##### Thank you ma'am!
##### RESPONSE: Wow! She gave a really prompt response. She said that the broth should be available by [[Aug 17th, 2020]].
### [[Supriyo Uncle]] class set for [[Aug 2nd, 2020]] 
### CANCELED  Message [[Pandey Sir]] for hindi class online
## [[Consume]]
### Started reading [[Book - Rich Dad Poor Dad]] by [[Robert T. Kiyosaki]]
### [[Latha Ma'am]] class
#### Class went well. There was the realisation that I need to overcome the fear of starting.
## [[Cerebrate]]
## [[Coordinate]]
## [[Consolidate]]
### TODO #NIBBLE for [[Biology IA]]
# Aug 2nd, 2020
## **Quote of the day**: "Action is not something that is sparked by motivation. Motivation is something sparked by action. Do the action, and motivation shall follow you on its own."
## Your daily reminder - Don't ignore your dreams; work as hard you can; say what you can; cultivate friendships; be happy.
## [[Morning Pages]]
### I have woken up #fresh today. I think everyone wakes up fresh. But today has to be different. I have not worked for shit sake in the last two days. I need to get some work done. Though I have added stuff to the todo list and stuff, I am scared that the one break I take after Supriyo Uncle's class will be the break I never wanted.
### Never mid that. The action plan for today is to digest some of my NIBBLE's . The more I think of it, the more nessacary it becomes. Plus this is not something that is going to be taking ages, it will at max take one hour.
### One more thing that I realised while [[Jul 31st, 2020]] class with [[Latha Ma'am]] is that there is some fear. There is the fear of starting out. I do not have any other way. I must just do it. You need to remember: "Action is not something that is sparked by motivation. Motivation is something sparked by action. Do the action, and motivation shall follow you on its own."
### My [[Mom]] is certainly the best. I do not want to write down the incidence, because I do not want to remember it, but I want to know that it existed.
## [[Create]]
### DONE Make some sort of functioning [[Resonance Calendar]] system

### Read [[The power of the weekly review - Ali Abdaal]]
## [[Connect]]
## [[Consume]]
### DONE Chemistry Acids and Bases

### Continued to take notes [[Book - Rich Dad Poor Dad]]
### Had some crazy methi malai matar kindly made by [[Mom]], lol! #foodie
## [[Cerebrate]]
## [[Coordinate]]
### Clear or all acid and base doubts with [[Latha Ma'am]] on [[Aug 6th, 2020]] when we have class. The file is named "CONFUSION".
#### 864 5635 7987
#### 406128
## [[Consolidate]]
## Timestamps
### 4:10 - wake up
### 4:45 - finished setting up Journal + started math
### 5:45 - break from math
### 6:15 - IA's stuff
### 7:15 - [[Supriyo Uncle]]
### 11:00 - End + end
### 1:00 - #sleep ,lol
### 5:00 - Wake up + brush + shower
### 6:00 - starting with work
### 7:15 - 'Financial learning' break
## Release of [Assessment Calendar 2020 - Semester 1](https://www.mygiis.org/PG-SmartCampus/upload/Assessment%20Calendar%202020_Year%202.pdf) [[Semester 1 Dates]]
   :PROPERTIES:
   :CUSTOM_ID: 5f26c368-2aa6-4c89-b6d1-da3ce0e34482
   :END:

### [[Aug 24th, 2020]] 1 week to Chemistry
### [[Aug 27th, 2020]] 1 week to Economics
### [[Aug 31st, 2020]] 1 Week to Maths
#### Entire syllabus will NOT come
#### 2 1 hour papers for 55 marks each
#### Paper 1 - 5/6/7 mark questions
#### Paper 2 - minimum 3 question for around15 marks
#### **Syllabus**
###### Numbers - sequences and series
###### Financial Maths
###### Calculus - Integration and differentiation
###### Complex numbers
####### Graphs will be taught later
###### Function related modelling - exponents, logs, trigonometric modelling (sinusoidal modelling)
###### Distributions - All 3
### [[Sep 2nd, 2020]] 1 Week to English
### [[Sep 4th, 2020]] 1 Week to Biology
#### P1 +P2 -> 1.5 hours, 10 or so MCQ's, 50 marks
#### P3 -> 1 hours, 30 marks
#### **Syllabus**
##### 3
##### 6.6
##### 7
##### 8
##### 11
##### 10.1
##### Option D
### [[Sep 10th, 2020]] 1 Week to Hindi
## 
# Aug 3rd, 2020
## Your daily reminder - Don't ignore your dreams; work as hard you can; say what you can; cultivate friendships; be happy.
## [[Morning Pages]]
## [[Create]]
### Noting [[Meeting Id's]]
### DONE #DIGEST [[ARTICLE - COVID-19: Emerging and Future Challenges for Dental and Oral Medicine]]
### TODO #DIGEST [[VIDEO - Ninja Nerd Lectures COVID-19 April Update]]
## [[Connect]]
### Rakshabandhan Messages
   :PROPERTIES:
   :CUSTOM_ID: 5f27532b-927c-421c-a235-bf869e1be8aa
   :END:

#### **Message:** Hello Didi! Rakshabandhan ki bahut bahut bhadhaiya! Hum Rakhi pehen lege! 🙏
#### DONE [[Ruchi Didi]]

#### DONE [[Sonu Didi]]

#### DONE [[Soniya Didi]]

#### DONE [[Chanchal Didi]]

### DONE [[Crashboards International]] start up pitch meeting with [[Adithya]] [[Ayush]] for [[Aug 3rd, 2020]]
### CANCELED Fix hindi class date
## [[Consume]]
### DONE 1 article from [Cardiology & Cardiovascular Medicine](https://journals.sagepub.com/cardiology-cardiovascular-medicine). In reality, I also watched a video regarding this. LOL
### Read the weekly ARTICLE - 3 Nice Quotes: Ali Abdaal
### Read up on the [[APACMed Forum 2020]] on [[Sep 24th, 2020]]
#### Link to [APACMed Forum 2020](https://www.apacmedvirtualforum.com)
#### [[Sep 17th, 2020]] A week to APACMed Forum 2020
## [[Cerebrate]]
## [[Coordinate]] 
## [[Consolidate]]
### DONE [[Supriyo Uncle]] Math Questions on [[Aug 4th, 2020]] 

## Timestamps

### 6:45 - Wake up + big wee wee
### Till 7:45 - Housekeeping + setting up #logseq pages
### Till 8:00 - Figuring out who all to message
### 8:00 to 9:00 - Economics 14 + breakfa
## Your daily reminder - Don't ignore your dreams; work as hard you can; say what you can; cultivate friendships; be happy
## [[Crashboards International]] Start-up Pitch Review
### The fucking 
### The fucking show didn't even happen. Those fucker who put some understanding up their arses din' t even show up; those motherfuckers.
singly they did reply. I want to put in the entire email once it comes it from [[Adithya]] 
## [[Create]]
### DONE Finish leftover task
### DONE Finalise the CrashBoards speech for [[Adithya]]
### DONE Read [[The Handmaid's Tale]] + take down quotes as much as you can

### Worked on [[Chemistry IA]] and [[Biology IA]]
## [[Connect]] 
### DONE Fix time for pitch rehearsal meetin
### [[Aug 5th, 2020]] 5pm IA meeting with [[Abhimanyu]]
### Meeting with [[Srivalli Maam]] [[Aug 5th, 2020]]
### Rescheduled [[Crashboards International]] pitch
#### DONE Review pricing and number of courses


### [[Crashboards International]] PITCH REVIEW\
## [[Crashboards International]] PITCH REVIEW
## [[Crashboards International]] PITCH REVIEW
## 
### 
## [[Extended Essay]] call review with [[Srivalli Maa
### So basically nothing happened today. There was no meeting, and I have lost complete faith in this bloody company by the name of Waxdale Ecosystem. My team has scoured the internet, but these people seem to be newbies and people who need to respect some time.
# 
### 
### There has been consistent delays in her meeti
### There has been consistent delays in her meeting. This is not really what I aimed for, but, there is nothing that I can actually do.
### Stuff to-do
#### TODO Difference between EE and IA
#### TODO Flesh out protocol in greater detail
 [[Srivalli Maam]] comes online

### DONE Review [[Extended Essay]] proposal before [[Srivalli Maam]] comes online

## logdaily
## 
## Your daily reminder - Don't ignore your dreams; work as hard you
## Your daily reminder - Don't ignore your dreams; work as hard you can; say what you can; cultivate friendships; be happ
## [[Morning Pages]]
### There have been constant delays in the [[CrashBoards x Waxdale Pitch]]. Sometimes they are giving us excuses of "forgetting" followed by a very interesting "technical error", WOW! Give these guys a script, they are ment to be on stage.
### There were two funny incidence that happened because of this. One involves [[Mom]] and the other involves [[Adithya]].
### Mom said that "now you know how tough challenges come by". This statement was something that I realised that even [[Dad]] might be going through. Maybe the jab (x25) hook thing is not only applicable in the startup world but is something that is applicable to #life
### [[Mom]] Also pointed out one more thing. I say "um" before every sentenc 
]]
## [[Create]]
### TODO Read some [[Book - Rich Dad Poor Dad
### DONE Add [[Book - Dongri to Dubai]] into #TBR + [[Book Notes]] + fill out details
### Did some work on the [[YouTube Dashboard]]
### Read a really interesting piece: [[ARTICLE - Loneliness, social isolation, cardiovascular disease and mortality]]
s

## [[Connect]]
## [[Consume
## [[Cerebrate]]
### Review [[Extended Essay]] 
]]
## [[Coordinate
## [[Consolidate]
# Option D
]]